I have on welcome to this week's blog we
finally got some sunshine in here in
sham at the start of last weekend but
unbelievably after such a spell of bad
weather when the good weather did arrive
it was actually too hot and it's meant
that all altitudes and virtually all
aspects of had incredibly high avalanche
risk and a lot of very keen mountain
people have actually been staying out
the mountains going rock climbing
lowdown drinking plenty of coffee and
send out the mountains which is quite
ironic given that we've waited all
winter for some Sun but as you can see
around me we're here at guy on it's
actually too hot to rock climb we've
done a couple of routes and just sweated
often so I think it might be coffee time
for us as well the bad weather is coming
back probably on Friday it looks like
it's actually going to snow quite a lot
to quite a low altitude so it could be
ski season again pretty soon we just
have to wait and see as ever this winter
I've had quite varied week I was down in
Monaco randomly enough for a day we
watching the Masters tennis and caught
the red-eye flight back from nice to
Geneva and the next lunchtime i found
myself in zermatt with tom and we did a
four-day skeet off around some of the
for thousands in zermatt so Tom and I
are heading down for the year the
monterosso her it's pretty big country
around here it's pretty impressive stuff
don't have much good skiing so far but I
think this could be our chance maybe tom
yeah first thing doesn't work didn't
find the best conditions not not such
amazing snow but we we had fantastic
views find some good summits stay in
some really nice huts and generally had
a nice time in a different part of the
out who's good to get a bit of a change
of scene as we're back in chairman just
waiting on what the weather does
hopefully will bring a truckload of snow
and more Sun we've ever so slightly
cruel the damages whatever happens it's
going to be a bit of sermon a bit of
winter now for the next month or so so
enjoy whatever we get make the most